Create a recipe web app where I can plan my meals. Have a library of recipes (populated by the documents in the selected file) and allow me to select the recipe for each meal of each day in the week. Allow me to generate a shopping list for any particular week based on the recipes that I’ve planned for that week even if I haven’t populated every meal with a specific recipe. Let the shopping list aggregate all of the amounts for each ingredient across all recipes in that week. Also allow me to make a shopping list for just specific days if I choose the select days option for the shopping list and then I can check the box next to each day that I want to include and generate a shopping list for just the meals in those days. Have a different area in the way for me to enter all the food I currently have if I so choose, but do not have to do. It discounts from any shopping list that it generates the food. I already have such that I don’t have to buy stuff I already have in my whole inventory of food. Include all of the tracking that I need to do whether it needs to be in its own area or can be integrated fine in the food planner or whether it would be even better in its own area in the web app. just include all of the tracking and macros and everything else that you see me doing in the files. I’ve already created in this folder as part of me trying to work on this project personally. In the food and meal planning part of the app, make sure that it shows the macros that I’m covering for each day. Given the meals I’ve put given the recipes. I have selected for each meal on that day. Also provide template and configuration areas within the Web app where I can establish the meals that go into a day by creating them and adding them as entries to the daily meals config area so I can add as few or as many as I want to name them whatever I want, and then those meals will appear on all the days. Create an "Auto Plan" button where, when pressed, will arrange a week worth of meals where each day fits the desired calories (1500 calories) and macros (135 grams of protein and 30 to 40 grams of fiber). It will arrange a week worth of recipes based on common ingredients to reduce food waste and reduce the need to buy a lot of ingredients. 

I also want you to propose any other features you think would be useful to my use case given the descriptions messages prompt send files you already see present in this directory. Once you’ve given me your proposal and I’ve read through it and approved it then you will spawn a sub agent whose job is to divide the work into self-contained tasks that do not need a bigger picture or outside context to accomplish. The sub agent will record these tasks in a json file. You, as the director agent will then use that json on file to divide out the tasks to as many sub agents as there are tasks (10 tasks? 10 sub agents, etc.) and run them in parallel. Mark any tasks that are dependent on previous tasks so that the entire set of tasks is ordered by dependencies into group groups, and do each layer or group of paralyze tasks at the same time, then proceed to the next layer, etc. 